Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[breathing heavily]
[breathes deeply]
[Amber] Oh! [screams]
H-Help. [yells]
Oh. my God. [breathes heavily]
[screams] Oh. fuck!
Oh. fuck! [pants. yells]
[guerrilla 1 speaking Spanish]
There. there. it's nothing.
- [in English] Oh. my God.
- [in Spanish] They're just ants.
[in English] Hey. hey. hey. hey. Chill.
Pack your shit. We have to go now.
What?
- We're leaving now. Come on.
- [panting]
- Hey. Now! [speaks Spanish]
- [guerrillas chattering]
[pants] Okay.
[Luis] Eric. it's
good to meet you.
Thanks so much for doing
this on such short notice.
My pleasure. Anything I can do
to help. Please. let's sit down.
TNC NOTICIAS
[speaks Spanish]
Tonight. the husband of an
American scientist taken hostage
in Colombia opens up about
the terrifying abduction.
Sergeant. thank you very much for
having the time to talk to us.
Thank you.
Sergeant. what was the first
thought that you had when you knew
that your wife had
been kidnapped?
I'm going to get her back safe in
my arms if I have to die trying.
Our sources say that last night a boy was
shot and killed in a rescue operation.
Is that something
you'll confirm to us?
I have no idea. I wasn't there.
But I have it on good authority that
the Colombian military is all over this.
They may have shot a
kidnapper. I don't know.
Delta security operations
are highly classified.
- and it may never be known to the public.
- [clears throat]
Is it safe to say that you would never
confirm an operation. something like this?
Well. I can confirm
this. I want a mission.
I want the Colombian
military to step up.
Are you suggesting that the Colombian
government isn't... isn't even trying?
I'm suggesting there's always more
that can be done for an innocent woman.
Sounds like you're calling
out the president of Colombia
and perhaps the president of the
United States. Is... Is that so?
- I do hope they're listening.
- [phone ringing]
- [Prince] The buck stops at the top.
- [line connects]
- [Bambi] Hey. man.
- You fucked me.
You fucking fucked me. But I
don't even care about that.
You fucked yourself
by going on CNN.
What part of "keep a low
profile" don't you understand?
Yeah. well. isn't public
pressure good for us?
You're on speaker with Prince.
- [Mitch] Hey. Prince.
- Hey. Mitch.
Pressure's only good
when I generate it.
You do realize now that the
comms guys at the White House
and the political shop are gonna
take this over and focus-group it
every fucking step of the way.
Now. why would you want
that in an election year?
We had no choice.
Everything's moving too slow.
So you go shoot up an
entire neighborhood
and call out the Colombian
president on national television?
Super fucking dumb.
Do you really want the
Colombian military on this.
with their record of hostage
rescue and cross fire?
They shoot both the
rebels and the hostages.
We're gonna be on their
op. Make sure she's safe.
[line disconnects]
[breathes heavily]
- [Amber yelps. groans]
- [kidnapper 1] Be more careful.
Nobody's fucking carrying
you if you twist an ankle.
- We're going in a circle.
- [shushes]
[kidnapper 1] Hey.
[sighs]
[flies buzzing]
Set up your hammock and get
some sleep while you can.
[breathes heavily]
You bring us back fucking here!
[choking]
- [Amber yells. coughs]
- [yells in Spanish]
[Amber] You're...
[yells. grunts]
[sighs]
[guerrilla 2 speaks Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[soldiers chattering]
- [lead soldier speaking Spanish]
- [soldiers grunting]
ESCUELA MILITAR DE SUBOFICIALES
SARGENTO INOCENCIO CHINCA
[general] If everything was
kept on my side. in my house.
maybe I could have
worked it out.
But now this operation
is no longer a secret.
You see. we have a new spokesperson.
and he got us a new mission.
We're going to engage.
[speaks Spanish]
That's good news.
So. when you're ready to launch.
attach us as advisers so we can help.
[speaks Spanish]
Thanks for the offer. but no.
Anything else?
Yes. sir. We need to go there.
No. you don't.
We're requesting to be
there. Professional courtesy.
[laughs] Courtesy? You
called us out on TV.
Well. maybe your friends in the
CIA are gonna force us to take you.
but I don't think so.
- Sir. we...
- Thank you. sir. We understand.
We need to talk to him
outside of his office.
What are you thinking?
I'm gonna bribe his ass.
[pop music playing]
- [shutter clicking]
- [glasses clinking]
[Bambi] Didn't Ernesto say
the general was coming alone?
He did.
[in Spanish] Good afternoon.
everyone. Thank you for being here.
Ernesto and I are so
pleased that you can join us
for our 5th Gala fundraiser
of the Walasa Foundation.
[applause]
We are continuing to make a difference
in the lives of so many children
suffering from violence
in rural Colombia.
Thank you very much.
[Violeta] "Despite progress.
poverty and hunger are on the
rise in many parts of Colombia.
Since we began. The Walasa Foundation
has helped nourish hundreds of children.
Supplying meals in areas where
previously there were none.
And we continue to fight to
provide relief to the little ones."
General.
- Thank you for inviting me.
- Mmm.
But why am I here?
It's part of my job to mingle
with these people. Pereira.
You are here to keep
me from killing them.
[both laugh]
[Bolero] Don't complain.
At least the food is good.
[speaks Spanish]
Gracias.
General.
[speaks Spanish]
May I please speak with
the Colonel for a moment?
[speaks Spanish]
Gracias.
General… [sighs]
[in English] I know
you're aware of…
the terrible situation
that my wife is in.
[in Spanish] Sí.
And. um... Well. I know
we're asking for a favor.
But if you can see your way fit to
bending the rules for us. just this once.
I hope you'll also see your way
to letting us return the favor.
Do you understand in which
position you put me in?
You took advantage of my trust.
You know. my family owns a company
with a lot of interests in the region.
I could have had my snipers
to shoot you. You know that?
But you didn't.
Want to offer you a seat on
the board of Haas Industries.
We meet three times a
year. It's a paid position.
[Violeta. in Spanish] General.
General.
Thank you for coming.
I'm sorry we didn't get a
chance to speak tonight.
I would like to discuss the
shooting in Ciudad Bolívar.
You should talk to the Narcotics
Unit. I'm not involved.
Nevertheless. I would
like to hear your opinion.
I'm sorry. I don't think so.
Is that an official
"no comment?"
Listen. I really appreciate
your charitable spirit.
But I know who you are.
And I know. you have been treated
better here than in your own country.
I'm sure you'd want
to keep it that way.
Excuse me.
[instrumental music playing]
[through computer] This is Violeta
Matíz. and this is "Bogotá Revealed."
on 103.1 F.M.
Many times on this show
we have talked about war
and the terrible toll it
has taken on our country.
And while the war may
be officially over.
there is still violence.
I want to talk about an American woman
who was recently abducted outside Bogotá.
Amber Chesborough.
Her brother Alex joins me in
the studio to deliver a message.
as we have done on many
occasions on "Kidnapped Voices."
I'll turn it over to her brother
so he can speak to her directly.
[in English] Amber.
um… [breathes deeply]
…if you're out there and you're
listening. it's me. and I'm on it.
[inhales deeply] We're all so
worried about you. and. uh…
[breathes deeply]
…well. everyone's just waiting
patiently for the process to play out.
[swallows] But you did
nothing wrong. baby. Nothing.
[sniffles]
[cries]
[Bambi] We love you. baby.
We're gonna find a
peaceful way out of this.
He's good.
[in Spanish] No. this
is not good. It's shit.
[kidnapper 2] We're losing
control of the narrative.
[Bambi. in English] I
need you to stay warm
and stay dry. and
be patient. okay?
[Violeta. in Spanish] I'd like to
send a message to the kidnappers…
I'm here if you want
to speak with me.
To listen to you
without any conditions
to deliver whatever message
you want to send to the world.
Let's tell the boss
to bring that bitch.
[Violeta speaks Spanish]
- [in English] And we're out.
- [Bambi breathes heavily]
[cries. sniffs]
[kidnapper 2. in
Spanish] What's wrong?
[kidnapper 1] Why don't
we let the American go?
No.
I just think this whole
plan could get us killed.
[kidnapper 2] That's
not going to happen.
We have the advantage and have
worked too hard for this opportunity.
[kidnapper 1] It's crazy
to bring a journalist here
to the middle of the jungle.
I don't see the point.
[cell phone chimes]
[kidnapper 2] Relax.
When we get to Venezuela.
the SEBIN will put
an altar for us.
They will kiss our feet.
And that's what you want?
- I want respect!
- [speaks Spanish]
[kidnapper 1] Wonderful.
[kidnapper 2] Poetic.
[sighs]
To be able to hold an American
hostage is the ultimate.
It shows that we are strong
and the government is weak.
And to be able to
break that illusion
of a powerful and
authoritarian government.
It legitimizes us as a
revolutionary movement.
And it makes people think.
"The government must be very weak if
it can't save one fucking American."
[chuckles]
[kidnapper 2] Once that idea
gets planted like a seed.
another one grows.
"If the government is that
bad. we have to change it."
That's what we are doing.
giving hope to our people.
[speaks Spanish]
- [kidnapper 1] Trust me.
- When have I ever not trusted you?
I love you.
- Manipulator.
- [laughs]
[guerrilla 3] For
you. Hurry. hurry!
[guerrilla 4] Move.
[in Spanish] Ándale.
[speaks Spanish]
The Comandante is waiting.
Don't make him angry.
Pleasure to meet you.
[Comandante clears throat]
The pleasure is mine.
Did you have a good trip?
You must be exhausted.
Would you like
some food or water?
Or rest for a while?
I'm fine.
Sit.
You know this is
a mistake. right?
And it will end badly.
[clears throat] The
mistake is theirs.
They thought they
were untouchable.
And if this turns out bad. well.
these are risks we
take during war.
If you really want to
teach a lesson. let her go.
Nobody wants to
return to the past.
Some people do want another
war and we'll give it to them.
If you release her. I'll
write a nice story about you.
[Comandante] I would like that.
But that's a bit too romantic
for things to end up that way.
What are your goals?
Who are you?
I'm just a man.
Trying to create
a new atmosphere.
A new mentality.
And these are my friends.
Talk to her.
Tell me what you think.
Think about what?
Whether or not she is CIA.
You think she will tell me?
Find out. You can do it.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Give me some time
with her. I'll try.
Let's get ready to move.
[guerrilla 3 speaks Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
[in English] Hello. Amber.
- I'm a journalist. I want to talk to you.
- I... I... I recognize your voice.
- From the radio.
- [Violeta] Yeah.
Your brother is a friend.
And your father-in-law
is my husband's friend.
I wanna help you.
Thank you.
Do you know why you
were taken in this way?
Wrong place. wrong time.
They think I'm CIA.
It's fucking ridiculous.
I know how you feel.
I was kidnapped.
I was in a very small
room during two months.
I hope you don't
go through that.
But if you do. you have
to know you will survive.
They want to know if
you're an American agent.
I don't care if you are or not.
I'm going to talk with the commander
right now and tell him you're innocent.
[whispering] You should stay
with me. It's much safer.
They're all gonna get killed
in this camp. Everyone.
Don't fantasize of a rescue.
They can't find this place
in the middle of the jungle.
You don't know my family.
[Amber] I guarantee you
they tracked you here.
Why do you think my
brother did your show?
You're a bird dog.
You flush out the prey.
[guerrilla 4. in
Spanish] Time's up.
[speaks Spanish]
- [Violeta] Everything will be okay.
- [Amber] Right.
[guerrilla 4 speaks Spanish]
[Prince grunts]
[chattering]
[Bambi. in English] I
have eyes on Violeta.
[Prince] I see at
least 20% of the camp.
Negative on Amber.
[kidnapper 2. in
Spanish] Here she is.
[Comandante] Come here.
- [Comandante] Tell me how it went.
- [sniffs]
I do have something for you.
She's not CIA.
- This is your professional opinion?
- [Violeta] Sí.
After conducting interviews
for 20 years. I can confirm it.
Let her leave with me.
- Graciela.
- [kidnapper 2] Mm-hmm.
Do something for me.
- Take her and tie her up.
- [speaks Spanish]
Then tell everyone
we're moving out.
[both speaking Spanish]
[Graciela] We're moving out.
- [clamoring]
- [Graciela yelling in Spanish]
They're packing up.
getting ready to move.
[Bambi] Colonel?
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[Pereira speaks Spanish]
We have located the rebel camp.
Where they are holding
the American hostage.
- [clamoring]
- [Graciela speaking Spanish]
[Pereira] Now they have a second
hostage. a journalist. Violeta Matíz.
- [grunts]
- [in English] What's happening?
[Violeta] They believe you.
We are going to
intercept them here.
We are going to surround them.
We are going to
make them desperate.
- [guerrillas speaking Spanish]
- [Amber groaning]
[Pereira] Force them to
negotiate. to make mistakes.
There are a lot of
eyes watching us.
Get ready.
Any questions?
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
That's the way I like it.
Commandos. move out!
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[radio chatter]
[soldier 2] They're
headed to the river.
[Pereira] Do not engage.
We're 10 minutes out.
[speaks Spanish]
[guerrillas speaking Spanish]
[all shouting]
[radio chatter in Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[radio chatter continues]
[guerrilla 5 speaks Spanish]
[all shouting]
[Pereira] This is Colonel Pereira
of the Colombian National Army.
You are completely surrounded.
This is now my battleground.
I decide what happens to you.
No one will leave here alive with
Amber Chesborough or Violeta Matíz.
You will all die
here one by one.
Unless you release the hostages.
[speaks Spanish]
[Pereira] I have plenty of time.
[Pereira] You decide.
[helicopter whirring]
[Comandante speaking Spanish]
I have the Comandante.
Fire.
- [speaks Spanish]
- [gunshot]
We just killed your Comandante.
It was easy.
[Pereira] I can stay
here indefinitely.
For hours…
for weeks.
You decide.
[Pereira speaking Spanish]
[continues speaking Spanish]
[pants]
Make the fucking call.
- [upbeat music playing]
- [cell phone chimes]
[people screaming. clamoring]
[technician] They just
blew up a café in Bogotá.
[phone beeps]
This is Foster. Connect
me to the SecDef. please.
Sir. we have a credible threat.
They're claiming to have more
bombs throughout the city.
[speaking Spanish]
[Pereira] General. we
have them surrounded!
I can capture them all!
[Bolero] It doesn't matter. They
threatened to bomb more civilians.
This comes from the top. From
the White House and the CIA.
Do you understand?
They don't want more
civilian casualties.
[device beeps]
[Pereira] Attention. everyone.
Abort. abort. abort.
Retreat.
We're headed back to base.
- [sighs]
- [in English] There's nothing we can do.
[Spanish music playing]
[guerrillas cheering. laughing]
- [cheering. chanting]
- [guerrilla 5 yells] Fuck you!
- [laughing. cheering]
- Yes! Fuck you!
[guerrilla 6] Fuck you!
[guerrillas chanting] Fuck you! Fuck
you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!
[chanting continues]
- [chuckles]
- I love you.
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[speaks Spanish]
Trust me. Colonel.
I know. Politics.
But we are under a lot
of pressure to withdraw.
It's a sad day.
General. the day isn't over.
It will take them 9 hours
to get to the border.
Sir. if you can give me a bird.
we can take one more shot at this.
The media has us
in a bad position.
It's our country. sir.
[Bolero] You're right.
It's our country.
I say this unofficially.
Take volunteers and do
what you think is right.
[in English] Commandos…
[in Spanish] I need
nine volunteers.
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[Pereira] Caballeros.
[in English] We aren't done.
Load up. We leave at dawn.
[vehicle approaching]
[guerrillas shouting in Spanish]
[shouting in Spanish]
[pilot. in English]
Signal intelligence say
they are in trucks on
a slow jungle road.
[Pereira. in Spanish] We can
cut across the jungle by air
and beat them to the border.
This spot here is
the perfect ambush.
Three guys on the ridge.
The rest with me.
We'll attack from the ground.
[Pereira] IED armed and ready.
[Bambi] Check.
All stations. all stations. I
will initiate on the lead vehicle.
[breathing heavily]
- [gunfire]
- [glass shatters]
[tires screeching]
[breathes shakily]
[exhales sharply]
[Prince] Bambi. what do you got?
[breathing heavily]
[gunshot]
[whimpering]
[breathes heavily] Not
a lot of targets here.
Roger.
[engine revs]
[gunshot]
[gunfire]
[gunfire continues]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[gunshot]
[whispering in Spanish]
What are you seeing?
[breathes heavily]
Bambi. I got nothing.
Fuck. [breathes heavily]
[Prince] They're covered.
[breathes shakily]
All stations hold.
I've got more vehicles inbound.
[breathes heavily] Prince.
you've gotta fucking go.
I can't see Amber.
Thirty seconds out.
Go! Fucking do something!
- Prince. go now!
- [breathes heavily]
- [gunshot]
- [guerilla grunts. yelps]
- [gunshots]
- [grunts]
[guerrilla 2 speaks Spanish]
Prince. go. fucking go! Now!
- [grunting. groaning]
- Colonel. I got Violeta! I got Violeta!
[Violeta crying. groaning]
[guerrillas clamoring]
[breathing heavily]
I'm moving down.
- Hold those trucks and cover me!
- [soldier 2] Yeah!
[panting]
[panting. grunting]
[breathing heavily]
I got Amber!
[pants]
- [gunshots]
- [Prince yelps. grunts]
[gunshots]
[panting]
[Amber screams]
- [screams]
- [guerrillas speaking Spanish]
[panting. screaming]
[screaming] Alex! Alex!
[whimpering. screaming]
- [pants. screams] Alex!
- [gunfire]
[panting]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[screams]
[Amber screams]
[gunfire fading]
[breathing heavily]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-